hi I'm wolf Lego today we're going to
cover a lot of fun drills that you can
use to take your game to the next level
classic trick shot okay really a lot of
fun to work on you find nothing to use
this may be a leaves it like an alumni
game or some sort of fun game like that
beats a pole though so we're gonna slap
them we're gonna pop the ball on the top
with our offhand let it rise off the
water surface and we're going to do a
360 come around smack the ball with the
back of our hand and hopefully into the
cage
goalies never gonna touch this one
alright let's check it out
here we're going to take a fake
helicopter back in and without putting
the ball on the water shoot over the
goalies head quickly
this was a twist on the classic tee shot
okay we're gonna bring it in and instead
of just turning our palm and smacking
the ball in we're gonna keep our palm
flat like this we're going to look like
boys it looks like we're gonna shoot it
just pancake it right on top of our hand
roll it back and quickly before the
goalie can recover a lot of times the
goalie will blink is that balls coming
he'll freeze and we'll be able to snap
it back and just toss it right over his
or her head check that one out
so work on all these moves in your spare
time in your backyard pool and your
workout training facility after workout
you'll get a great exercise in have a
lot of fun and also take your game to
the next level I'm wolf why go have a
good day